Welcome everyone to front-end web development.
We're glad to have you here just as you are.
We're going to start you right from the basics with HTML.
You'll learn how to make up the elements that are
the building blocks to everything you see on the web,
and then from there,
we'll go into cascading style sheets,
so you can learn how to style everything you put up on the web.
Have you ever looked at a website and thought,
I can make something prettier than that.
Well, now's your opportunity because we're going to take you through each step
that you need to know in order to make your own front-end web apps.
You can impress your friends,
show off to your pets.
You can become a creator of the new world that's
coming into play instead of just a consumer of it.
With front-end web design,
you'll be ready to rock in the next phase of your life.
I'm excited to have you here.
I hope you're excited to start. Now, let's go.